We are an information technology company that provides high-quality consulting and staffing services to its clients. We work with organizations to understand their particular business needs and develop and implement effective business strategies and technological solutions, taking a balanced approach to strategy, people, process, and technology.
Responsibilities:
Works with analysts to interpret high-level requirements, decomposing them into acceptance criteria and test cases
Be involved in creating and maintaining all test documentation and artifacts including but not limited to test plans, test cases, test data, defect reports, etc.
Interface and communicate with internal teams and external support groups
Work with the product development team to create test plans
Execute test cases (manual and/or automated) and analyze results
Monitor application errors and performance monitoring
Report task progress, suggest creative ideas and approaches for improvement and escalate issues to the Sr. QA Analyst and Lead Analyst
Participate in all phases of software development while working in an Agile environment
Participates in preliminary story review, providing constructive feedback and input on work effort estimation as well as design
Actively works on broadening or adding a skill.
Qualifications:
Bachelors or Masters degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or any STEM field
0-2 years of experience as a Software Tester /QA analyst or any other IT field
Comfortable with working on a fast-paced, time-sensitive project
Proficiency in clear and concise written and verbal communication
Strong analytical skills are a plus
Understanding of SQL and Database is a plus
Multitasking and ability to and shift focus as needed
In-depth understanding of various Software testing methodologies
Ability to work in a fast-paced development environment
Theoretical/functional knowledge of Selenium, SOAP, ReST, SQL, ETL, or other programming/technical concepts is a bonus
Java, C#, Python or other OOPs concept based programming knowledge is a plus
Must be willing to relocate and accept onsite positions.
About Us:
We are one of the Fastest Growing IT Companies in Northern America and the DC Metro Area with its headquarters in Ashburn, Virginia. We are an Information Technology Provider delivering superior quality software development, consulting, and staffing solutions to our client partners.
Our services are uniquely positioned to support clients in achieving profound efficiencies and relentlessly delivering results, making us a long-time and trusted resource for its clients and partners.
We are an Equal Opportunity Employer M/F/V/D and are proud to state that we are enrolled with the USCIS for the E-Verification Program.
Job Type: Contract
Salary: $25.00 - $30.00 per hour
Benefits:
Health insurance
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Monday to Friday
Work Location: In person
Show Less
Report


Testing regine:
Experience: 2
Education: -1
Position Level: SENIOR
 Time of Scrape: 2023-05-10 09:48:55.177050