Who We Are
At Spruce, our mission is to change the way people live in their homes by making home services more accessible. As the leading provider of lifestyle services to the multifamily industry, we offer daily chores and housekeeping services to more than 3,500 apartment communities across the US, and we work with over 85 of the top apartment managers in the country. Through the Spruce app, apartment residents can easily have their clothes folded, their dishes washed, their bed sheets changed, or their bathroom cleaned.
Venture-backed and headquartered in Austin, Spruce has more than 80 employees and is growing rapidly. We promote a people-first culture where curiosity, ownership, hustle, and boldness are valued and encouraged. Each employee has a personal, measurable impact on the success of the company, and ideas are welcomed from everyone.
About the Role
We’re hiring an experienced QA Engineer to join our team to help establish first-ever quality assurance processes to ensure product quality. You’ll be a key contributor on a small distributed team working to define our testing strategies, design and execute automated/manual test scripts, and help ensure the delivery of robust, high quality product releases.
What You Get to Do
Establish project test strategy, methodologies and test plans for the full suite of Spruce applications and platform
Participate in all phases of the software development life cycle by planning, estimating, and coordinating testing activities
Create manual/automated test scripts using requirements documentation from product, design, and engineering
Perform test execution of manual/automated scripts for applications and other systems under test using open source tools
Identify and track bugs using defect tracking system reported from a variety of sources
Track quality assurance metrics, like defect densities and open defect counts
Who You Are
3+ years experience as a QA Engineer
Understanding of Software Test Life Cycle (STLC)
Hands-on experience with automated testing tools (i.e. Jest, Appium, etc)
Hands-on experience executing manual test plans for web and mobile applications
Hands-on experience performing API testing
Hands-on experience coding automated test cases for frontend applications and backend services
Familiar with JIRA or similar defect tracking tool
Strong written and verbal communication skills
Highly detail oriented, well organized, and able to coordinate multiple projects simultaneously
What We Offer
Competitive salary
Stock options
401K plan
Medical, vision, dental insurance
Unlimited PTO
100% remote work
Spruce-provided WFH setup (laptop, keyboard, monitor(s), mouse)
A huge role in the growth of a company with a meaningful mission
We're building a strong, diverse team of curious, creative people who want to find purpose in their work and support each other in the process. If this sounds like you, then let's talk.
#LI-Remote
KLJDWZOFIg
Show Less
Report


Testing regine:
Experience: -1
Education: -1
Position Level: -1
 Time of Scrape: 2023-05-10 09:47:38.332812