Senior Data Analyst
Skill : Data Analyst + Erwin + Collibra
Exp : 8+. years
Location : United States
Job Type :100% Remote
Visa :US Citizen, GC, GC-EAD
JOB SPECIFICATIONS:
KNOWLEDGE: Include professional expertise/theories essential to perform the job, knowledge of equipment,
technology, and software.
Proficient in data modeling for both transactional and dimensional data warehouse databases.
Proficient in creation of source to target mappings; mapping of tables, files, XML schemas, etc. from source
to target
Working experience with a standard data modeling toolset, working knowledge of ER/Studio a strong plus.
Data mining skills (including data auditing, aggregation validation and reconciliation)
Strong ability to work with SQL databases including working SQL knowledge of SQLServer and/or Netezza
DBMS a plus.
Data Analysis experience with data profiling and data validation.
Data Quality understanding of DQ concepts and familiarity with DQ tools and methods.
Communicate with customers to obtain data requirements and perform data analysis on data provided
Working knowledge of Hadoop Platform and data components like Hive, Hbase, or Impala.
Knowledge of real-time analytics and BI platforms such as Tableau
Strong oral and written communication and presentation skills
Ability to communicate complex findings and ideas in plain language
Ability to work with teams towards a shared goal
Ability to change direction quickly based on data analysis
Ability to proactively seek clarification of requirements and direction
SKILLS AND ABILITIES: Include talents the individual must possess, and capabilities acquired through nature,
education, training, and experience. Please exclude generic requirements such as “ability to multi-task,” “ability to
work with little supervision,” etc.
Analytical/Problem Solving: Intellectual capacity and ability to gather, sort and analyze data and then
develop logical conclusions; critical thinking skills; familiar with problem solving tools/techniques and able
to communicate options, conclusions, and recommendations to both the business and the technology teams.
Ability to creatively solve problems, deal with ambiguity and a changing environment
Ability to meet concurrent, rigorous deadlines in a fast-paced environment
Strong interpersonal skills. Must be influential and able to work effectively in a project team
Department of Human Resources Page 2 of 2 February 2016
Excellent written and verbal communication skills, must be able to communicate complex technical issues to
all stakeholders, including those who do not have a technical background
Presentation, communication, and diplomacy skills at all levels of the organization – C-level officers down to
individual contributors.
Technical Leadership – Provide technical leadership, mentorship, and guidance to others in all the above.
What you’ll be doing:
Analyze, create, maintain, and review complex objects and data models to align with project requirements.
Complete source to target data mappings with detailed transformations to be used by developers in writing code.
Write SQL to analyze, validate, or correct data according to project requirements; may include complex stored
procedures, views, and functions.
Measure and monitor data quality, review data issues, perform analysis and execute remediation plans according
to company standards and procedures.
Provide oversight and direction for the team to develop solution alternatives and recommendations for technology
enabled business projects. Review recommendations and present findings to the business, data analysts,
integration team, BI Services, and others as appropriate for a direction and/or decision.
Perform review of deliverables and artifacts for projects and require any misalignment, quality, or compliance
issues to be corrected.
Research, evaluate, and recommend software packages and solutions for purchase and deployment.
Participate in the hiring process as needed.
Job Type: Contract
Pay: From $70.00 per hour
Experience:
Data Analyst: 8 years (Required)
Erwin: 8 years (Required)
Collibra: 8 years (Required)
Work Location: Remote
Show Less
Report


Testing regine:
Experience: 8
Education: MASTER
Position Level: SENIOR
 Time of Scrape: 2023-05-11 12:21:31.808314