Creates a test approach, identifying scope of testing with risk-based approach for each feature or scope of work in a project effort identifying test environments, dependencies, constraints, prioritizing test cases and scheduling time for the testing.
Responsible for ensuring end to end testing methodology including all appropriate documentation and requirements.
Sets up software and hardware in the test lab, per specs.
Ensures test results are accurate, thorough and appropriately documented.
Communicates results and coordinates logistics to the Systems Analysts, Developers, and other key IT staff and leadership as appropriate.
Documents problems or results inconsistent with expected results.
Performs quality assurance tests on all work and performs detailed analysis on test results.
Certifies application for release to the next testing stage or to the production environment. Generates and distributes periodic status reports for testing.
Sets up and executes complex scripts independently.
Sets up test data beds based on data matching specific test conditions.
Creates and executes moderately complex SQL queries.
Executes automated test scripts.
Writes/coordinates resolution of system defects. Ensures appropriate hand-offs and re-testing
May provide technical guidance to other IT Testing Specialists.
Participates in requirements gathering sessions or solicits information on incomplete requirements.
Participates in facilitation and coordination of user acceptance testing.
Design tests to aid learning and mitigate risks.
Work with developers to create automated tests.
Work with business analysts and business stakeholders to undertake exploratory testing.
Ensures stories contain specific acceptance test conditions which communicate objectives to both technical and non-technical stakeholders.
Knowledge of performance and security vulnerability testing is a plus.
Assist product owner in coming up with the acceptance criteria for user stories
Job Type: Contract
Pay: $45.00 - $50.00 per hour
Schedule:
8 hour shift
On call
Experience:
SQL queries.: 4 years (Preferred)
Software testing: 4 years (Preferred)
Test automation: 4 years (Preferred)
Work Location: Remote
Show Less
Report


Testing regine:
Experience: -1
Education: -1
Position Level: -1
 Time of Scrape: 2023-05-10 09:48:29.983919