Leverage your Data Science expertise in the rapidly growing field of generative AI

This is an opportunity to join a growing community of experts in Data Science who are using their expertise to help improve the performance of cutting-edge generative AI models. Earn money and enjoy a flexible work-from-home arrangement while engaging with and contributing to the advancement of this growing technology.
How it works
Complete this application form to join our community of Data Science experts. As a member, you'll receive exclusive invitations to work on paid projects that align with your unique background and interests. By completing your profile, we can more precisely tailor our invitations to align you with the most appropriate projects as they arise. Your data will remain strictly confidential, used solely for matching you to projects.

You're role will involve working on a range of projects to train generative AI models. Examples of potential projects for the Data Science domain experts include:
Evaluation and ranking of responses based on accuracy, relevance and quality
Correction and improvement of AI generated responses to ensure clarity and accuracy
Explanation of step-by-step instructions for working through a problem
Assessment of factual correctness of AI-generated response

Who we're looking for
We're seeking individuals with diverse backgrounds, who are experts in their domain and are passionate about engaging in the growing field of AI. We welcome:
Students currently pursuing a college degree or recently graduated
Teachers and tutors with hands-on education experience
Subject matter experts, researchers, and academics in the field
Professionals with industry experience and relevant knowledge
Freelance writers, editors, and content creators with expertise in the subject matter
Retired professionals with a wealth of experience in the field
Qualifications
Currently studying or have completed a Bachelor's, Master's, or Ph.D. in Data Science, Computer Science or a relevant field
Proficiency in English (C1 level) in reading, writing, and speaking
How To Join:
Complete the registration form to register your interest
Receive email confirmation with follow-up steps
Receive project invitations based on your expertise and interests
Flexible work with per-task payment:

Enjoy the freedom to select projects and set your own schedule
Payment structure is based on a per-task basis
Payment per-task varies by project and country
Equivalent hourly earnings range from $30 to $90 USD
Appen collects and labels images, text, speech, audio, video, and other data used to build and continuously improve the world’s most innovative artificial intelligence systems. Our expertise includes having a global crowd of over one million skilled contractors who speak over 180 languages and dialects, in over 70,000 locations and 130 countries, and the industry’s most advanced AI-assisted data annotation platform. Our reliable training data gives leaders in technology, automotive, financial services, retail, healthcare, and governments the confidence to deploy world-class AI products. Founded in 1996, Appen has customers and offices globally.
Show Less
Report


Testing regine:
Experience: -1
Education: BACHELOR
Position Level: -1
 Time of Scrape: 2023-05-11 12:21:52.174656