MANAGER'S NOTES:
RPA (Robotic Process Automation) experience.
Design, develop, and deploy RPA technology solutions that will interact with internal and external systems, automate business processes, and are robust, secure and security compliant.
Take part in automation projects or components of automation projects from design through deployment.
Act as Subject Matter Expert for RPA development teams
Must have problem-solving and analytical skills and initiative to see problems through to completion including determination of root cause and resolution.
Must possess strong interpersonal skills with the ability to work in a fast-paced environment and participate as an independent or team contributor and effectively interact with all types of personalities in dealing with employees and other customers
Job Responsibilities:
Assist RPA Administrator with installation/upgrade of RPA application and client software.
Assist RPA Administrator responding to infrastructure monitoring alerts, resolving incidents to ensure system uptime and expected service levels
Perform POC’s or feasibility checks as necessary to aid the design. Assess automation opportunities from a technical perspective, and provide solutions and estimates
Build / code automation solutions, participate in testing and Go Live for an assigned RPA initiative
Facilitate, monitor, and assist with resolution of support ticket escalation with the RPA vendors
Track, and resolve technical issues and risks affecting delivery
WORK ENVIRONMENT
When applicable and appropriate, consideration will be given to reasonable accommodations.
Mental: Clear and conceptual thinking ability; excellent judgment, troubleshooting, problem solving, analysis, and discretion; ability to handle work-related stress; ability to handle multiple priorities simultaneously; and ability to meet deadlines
Physical: Computer keyboarding, travel as required
Auditory/Visual: Hearing, vision and talking
NOTE: Credit security clearance, confirmed via a background credit check, is required for this position.
The statements contained in this document are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by a colleague assigned to this description. They are not intended to constitute a comprehensive list of functions, duties, or local variances. Management retains the discretion to add or to change the duties of the position at any time.
Job Type: Contract
Salary: $40.00 - $40.86 per hour
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Experience:
RPA (Robotic Process Automation): 5 years (Required)
SME (Subject Matter Expert): 5 years (Required)
installation/upgrade of RPA application: 4 years (Required)
Work Location: Remote
Show Less
Report


Testing regine:
Experience: 5
Education: MASTER
Position Level: SENIOR
 Time of Scrape: 2023-05-10 12:31:52.061107