The main function of a QA test analyst is to develop and execute system-level test protocols in order to identify system & software problems and their causes.
Specific Requirements:
Diverse experience with various testing methods such as Functional testing, Regression Testing, System Testing, Integration Testing, Black Box testing, Exploratory testing etc
Working experience on various tools such as HP-ALM, Quality Center, DOORS, JIRA or any such ALM tool.
Experience on performing formal software verification (Medical device is a plus).
Participated in the Agile/SCRUM development environment (Worked on Azure dev-ops is a plus).
Experiences in development or verification of medical devices at the system or software levels
Flexible working on multiple domains of the system and willing to help other teams if and when needed.
Able to come on-site and work in the lab every day
Experiences in development or verification of medical software
Skills:
Verbal and written communication skills, problem solving skills, and interpersonal skills.
Ability to work independently and manage one's time.
Basic mentoring skills necessary to provide support and constructive performance feedback.
Knowledge of circuit boards, processors, chips, electronic equipment, and computer hardware and software, including applications and programming.
Knowledge of design techniques, tools, and principles involved in production of precision technical plans, blueprints, drawings, and models.
Knowledge of the practical application of engineering science and technology.
Education/Experience:
Bachelor's degree in an engineering or relevant field required.
3-7 years of experience required.
Job Type: Contract
Salary: Up to $70.00 per hour
Experience level:
10 years
11+ years
8 years
9 years
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Experience:
SQL: 5 years (Required)
Selenium: 5 years (Required)
Test automation: 5 years (Required)
Willingness to travel:
100% (Required)
Work Location: On the road
Show Less
Report


Testing regine:
Experience: 7
Education: BACHELOR
Position Level: -1
 Time of Scrape: 2023-05-10 09:49:01.555430