We are looking for a passionate Software Engineer to help design and develop software solutions.
We build highly interactive internal business applications and dashboards to visualize real-time data from our customer's devices, products, or business. Our customers rely on these insights to make better and data-oriented decisions about their business.
Software Engineer responsibilities include implementing user requirements, defining system functionality, and building out websites. Our ideal candidates are familiar with the software development life cycle (SDLC) from preliminary system analysis to tests and deployment. Ultimately, the role of the Software Engineer is to build high-quality, innovative, and fully performing software that complies with coding standards and technical design.
Responsibilities
Execute full software development life cycle (SDLC)
Write well-designed, testable code
Integrate software components into a fully functional software system
Document and maintain software functionality
Troubleshoot, debug and upgrade existing systems
Deploy programs and evaluate user feedback
Comply with project plans and industry standards
Ensure software is updated with latest features
Skills
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Proven work experience as a Software Engineer or Software Developer developing high-load web applications with live/real-time data components.
Experience designing interactive applications and responsive web design
Advanced knowledge of CSS(3), HTML(5), and JavaScript (ES6+), Typescript
Knowledge of Vue.js (or React.js/jQuery and willingness to learn Vue.js) & Vite
Ability to develop software in Node.js (preferred), Go, Ruby, or equivalent programming languages
Excellent knowledge of relational databases, SQL (Postgres, MySQL) and ORM technologies (Sequelize, waterline.js, ActiveRecord)
Experience developing web applications using at least one popular Node.js web framework (Express.js / Fastify)
Experience with Socket.io
Experience with test-driven development or test writing with Mocha.js, Chai.js, Supertest, etc.
Proficiency in software engineering tools
Ability to document requirements and specifications
BSc degree in Computer Science, Engineering, and/or 4+ years of experience developing cloud-hosted web applications
Understanding of hosting environments (running services under AWS, GCP, Heroku)
Nice to have:
Experience building HTTP2 web applications
Knowledge of MQTT
This role is for US-business hours. Valid work authorization to work in the US in required.
Job Types: Part-time, Temporary, Contract
Pay: $45,000.00 - $120,000.00 per year
Benefits:
Flexible schedule
Professional development assistance
Compensation package:
Weekly pay
Experience level:
4 years
Schedule:
Day shift
Monday to Friday
Night shift
Weekend availability
COVID-19 considerations:
This role is fully remote. Work from home or work from abroad. The job deliverables are outcome/task-based. Set your own schedule.
Work Location: Remote
Show Less
Report


Testing regine:
Experience: 4
Education: BACHELOR
Position Level: -1
 Time of Scrape: 2023-05-10 12:31:14.016958