Required
Self-motivated individual who functions well solo and within a team.
Ability to employ data science and supply chain operations research in the development of analytics models that can tackle complex supply chain problems.
Ability to use open-source languages and/or algorithms for model development.
Be proficient in one or more programming language, such as Python, R, C++, or Java.
Be proficient in one or more visualization tools, such as Tableau or Power BI
Have experience building simulation models and applying simulation software (e.g., AnyLogic,.), either through formal coursework or through research/work experience.
Proficiency in data engineering to work closely with data engineers to define the data requirements for modeling purposes.
Ability to effectively communicate technical work to both technical and non-technical audiences.
Preferred:
Preferred fields are Computer Science/Computer Engineering, Data Science, Operations Research, Industrial Engineering, Biomedical Engineering, or an equivalent/similar area.
Experience in supply chain planning processes (e.g., demand planning, supply planning, production planning, etc.), supply chain network design, and/or supply chain optimization.
Formal coursework in probability, linear programming, and/or stochastic programming.
Familiarity with large datasets, understanding of data analysis workflows, and/or knowledge of querying languages such as SQL.
Knowledge of machine learning algorithms such as Random Forests, SVM, neural networks, etc.
Additional supply chain education, training and/or certification through Massive Open Online Courses (MOOCS) and/or professional organizations.
Job Type: Contract
Salary: $75.00 - $80.00 per hour
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Day shift
Monday to Friday
Experience:
Data science: 5 years (Preferred)
Supply chain management: 4 years (Preferred)
SQL: 4 years (Preferred)
Work Location: Remote
Speak with the employer
+91 9729196946
Show Less
Report


Testing regine:
Experience: 5
Education: BACHELOR
Position Level: -1
 Time of Scrape: 2023-05-11 12:22:23.613663