Data Engineer- Remote
Role: Data and Analytics is an evolving space which includes more software engineering, distributed systems, and cloud skills.
WIll develop, maintain, and enhance the data platform capabilities in an open and collaborative environment to build the central platform.
Will collaborate with internal data customers across IT and the Business to minimize the time from idea inception to analytical insight.
Job responsibilities will include: contributing to data infrastructure design efforts and collaborating with other platforms to integrate infrastructure into the client's systems and testing the feasibility and effectiveness of various technology options; supporting complex tools and solutions to manage orchestration, data pipelines, and infrastructure as code solutions the Data Engineering team builds.
Required skills:
Proven experience in designing, building, and supporting complex data pipelines using a variety of traditional and non-traditional data sources.
Version Control and associated best practices
Advanced programming experience in programming languages used in analytics and data science (e.g. Python, Java, Scala). Comfortable with Linux environments and shell scripting.
Experience with Cloud-based infrastructures (AWS)
Experience working with SQL/NoSQL
Experience utilizing data pipeline orchestration frameworks.
Verbal Communication
Preferred skills and experiences:
Analysis
API Development
CI/CD
Creating Real Time or Streaming Systems
Data Governance
Data Lineage
Data Metadata
Data Testing
Distributed Databases
Domain Knowledge
Schema
Snowflake
Visual Communication
EDUCATION AND/OR EXPERIENCE REQUIRED:
Education and/or experiences listed below are the minimum requirements for job entry.
Bachelor's Degree or higher in an Information Technology discipline or related field of study and minimum of two years of work experience designing, programming, and supporting software programs or applications.
In lieu of degree, minimum of four years related work experience designing, programming, and supporting software programs or applications may be accepted.
Job Types: Full-time, Contract
Pay: $90.00 - $120.00 per hour
Benefits:
Health insurance
Experience level:
6 years
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Monday to Friday
Work Location: Remote
Show Less
Report


Testing regine:
Experience: 2
Education: BACHELOR
Position Level: -1
 Time of Scrape: 2023-05-11 12:21:23.218629