Job Description
The Virtus Solution is a boutique Management Consulting firm looking for talented and ambitious resources who want to excel in a fast-paced and collaborative environment. The BA Tester is a key role in The Virtus Solution’s growing practice. The ideal candidate will......
QA Tester – Special Projects – Contractor
The Tester will support the Client's Special Projects Mainframe Team within the Office of Information Technology and will be responsible for the six applications that are a part of the Special Projects Team. The Special Projects team consists of 6 applications that include the Electronic Benefit Transfer (EBT), Uniform Accounting System (UAS), Random Moment Sampling System (RMSS), Debt Setoff (DSO) programs, (EAP) Energy Assistance Program, and the New Hire (W-4) systems.
Job Responsibilities:
Tests maintenance and operational (M&O) request and changes to the system.
Tests applications for concrete, consistent, observable results in accordance with system requirements and specifications
Create/maintain/Utilize test scripts
Measures the severity of failures and defects in accordance with test plan guidelines.
Accurately and thoroughly document application performance successes, failures and defects .
Effectively communicates test results to programming staff, business customer, and upper management.
Maintains issues/defects related to the test life cycle or change control environment into applicable tracking systems such as Jira.
Attend daily triage meeting(s) and manage test effort.
Qualifications
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or a related area
Ten (10) years of experience as a QA Tester, Developer, or IT Business Analyst
Five (5) years of experience Mainframe testing and support
Working knowledge of Lunix Operating System and AWS environment
Demonstrated knowledge of Testing methodology, practices, and software.
Must have good knowledge of Microsoft Project/SharePoint Workspace planning
Must have excellent customer service skills with strong decision-making capabilities
Must have excellent verbal and written communication skills
Additional Information:
Candidates must be eligible to work in the U.S. for any employer directly. All positions include the possibility of travel.
The Virtus Solution is an equal opportunity employer committed to fostering a culture of equality, inclusion and fairness — each foundational to our core values. We strive to create a diverse environment where each employee is encouraged to bring their unique ideas, background and experience to the workplace.
Job Type: Contract
Pay: $50.00 - $60.00 per hour
Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Flexible schedule
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Retirement plan
Vision insurance
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Monday to Friday
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Experience:
QA Tester: 6 years (Required)
Work Location: Remote
Show Less
Report


Testing regine:
Experience: -1
Education: BACHELOR
Position Level: -1
 Time of Scrape: 2023-05-10 09:47:28.781721