The Software Developer I is responsible for developing and maintaining software applications using Java and/or JVM-based languages. To accomplish responsibilities, the Software Developer I will work closely with team members to design, develop, test, and deploy high-quality software applications.
Compensation:
$65,000 - DOE
Responsibilities:
Design, develop, and enhance software systems according to technical design documentation and business requirements.
Develop code with high standards that is clean, efficient, and maintainable.
Collaborate and work with teams in an agile environment to deliver projects in a timely manner.
Develop and deliver technical solutions for the business to meet customer and business needs.
Participate in the installation and testing of software systems and integrations including 3rd party integrations.
Monitor production software to ensure the system operates in conformance with specifications.
Document software design, development, and testing processes.
Follow develop software best practices and standards.
Participate in team meetings as needed.
Debug and troubleshoot software issues.
Miscellaneous tasks as directed.
Qualifications:
Skills & Abilities
Required

Basic understanding of OO design and common OO patterns as well as RDBMS concepts and SQL
Familiar with object-oriented programming (OOP) principles
Familiar with relational database concepts
Familiar with test-driven development (TDD) and Business Driven Development (BDD) methodology
Know the IDE used in the primary area(s) of work
Understanding of appropriate revision control systems and code repositories
Access and use documentation, requirements, etc. independently in the course of daily work
Understand security protocols, practices, and what constitutes PII
Preferred

Insurance industry software experience (Guidewire InsuranceSuite)
Strong SQL skills and an understanding of ORM concepts
Experience with MVC patterns and frameworks
Test Driven Development experience and creating meaningful Unit tests
Development experience with 1 or more of the following languages and technologies:

Java, Gosu, Groovy, or other JVM languages
DevOps (Jenkins, Docker, CI/CD Pipelines, GitLab)
Grails
Micro services (REST or other)
Node JS or equivalent
WebSphere MQ and/or JMS
Angular, React, iOS/Android, and or React Native
Education: Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent experience in Computer Science, Business Informatics, or related field preferred.
About Company

Employee Benefits
Our employees are rewarded with a competitive salary, a benefit program that recognizes the diverse needs of our employees, and the security of a well-established company. Some of our employee benefits include:
Health
Dental
Life
Vacation
Sick Leave
Holidays
Major Medical
Flexible Schedules
Industry-Specific (insurance)
Employee Profit Sharing Bonus
Loans/Savings and Investments available through Farm Bureau Finance Company
Cancer, Accident, and Short-Term Disability insurance plans are also available
Show Less
Report


Testing regine:
Experience: -1
Education: BACHELOR
Position Level: -1
 Time of Scrape: 2023-05-10 12:31:32.095782