BIICS, Inc is looking to fill a Java Developer position. The position is located in Tallahassee, Florida and work is onsite.
This position will serve as an Application Developer focusing on the following technologies: Java/JEE and Oracle DBMS. This role supports ongoing maintenance needed to ensure the stability of applications residing in the department’s portfolio. The focus of this support work will focus on a specific Division’s application portfolio, however the team member may also be assigned to work on other projects and/or applications in the department’s application portfolio.
Responsibilities:
Provide maintenance, enhancement and support for a variety of the agency’s business applications.
Assisting in the preparation and documentation of program requirements and specifications.
Research and document requirements of program users.
Writing, translating and coding software programs and applications per specifications.
Assisting in the development and maintenance of user manuals and guidelines.
Working with network administrators, systems analysts and software engineers to assist in resolving problems with software products or company software systems.
Providing mentoring and guidance to junior programmers.
Potential candidate must possess the following:
7+ years’ experience with Java application development, leveraging frameworks such as Struts/Tiles, Struts 2, Servlets/JSP, and JPA/Hibernate
5+ years’ experience with Oracle databases, possessing the capability to develop DML and DDL statements to produce very complex queries and PL/SQL database objects, including both DML and DDL
3+ years’ experience with Javascript frameworks, such as AngularJS, NodeJS, React or JQuery
3+ years’ experience as a full-stack developer
Experience with responsive design frameworks, preferably Bootstrap
Experience using code repositories, preferably Git
Experience using continuous integration tools, preferably Jenkins
Knowledge of relational database designs
Knowledge of object-oriented design methodologies
Knowledge of Information Systems Development Methodology (ISDM)
Experience with database query tools (i.e., TOAD, SQL Developer, SQL Navigator)
Knowledge of database security, including role-based security
Knowledge and experience with Unified Modeling Language (UML)
Ability to be creative, to use sound judgment, and to display foresight to identify potential problems and design/specifications and assigned application software systems
Ability to establish and maintain effective working relationships with others
Ability to work independently
Ability to determine work priorities and ensure proper completion of work assignments
Ability to work well under pressure and meet deadlines without sacrificing quality
Excellent interpersonal, collaborative, oral and written communication skills
Preferred Knowledge, Skills & Abilities (KSAs):
Oracle certification(s)
Familiarity with Agile development, specifically Scrum, Extreme Programming (XP) and Kanban.
Experience with Virtualization, preferably Docker
Experience implementing GIS (Geographic Information System) applications
Experience developing web services, preferably RESTful web services
Experience with environmental regulatory business processes and practices
Business Intelligence & Informatics Consulting Services, Inc. (BIICS, Inc) is a business and information management solutions company serving clients in both the public and private sector. With access to new opportunities every day, BIICS, Inc is a premier source for placing highly skilled individuals with the most sought-after career opportunities and salaries.
Please send resumes or inquiries to careers @ biics.comfor more information regarding this or other potential positions you may be interested in.
Job Types: Full-time, Contract
Pay: $50.52 - $72.00 per hour
Benefits:
Health insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Ability to commute/relocate:
Tallahassee, FL 32399: Reliably commute or planning to relocate before starting work (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Preferred)
Experience:
Java application development,: 7 years (Required)
Oracle databases: 5 years (Required)
Javascripts frameworks: 3 years (Required)
full-stack development: 3 years (Required)
code repositories, preferably Git: 1 year (Required)
continuous integration tools: 1 year (Required)
relational database: 1 year (Required)
knowledge of ISDM: 1 year (Required)
database query tools: 1 year (Required)
UML: 1 year (Required)
Work Location: In person
Show Less
Report


Testing regine:
Experience: 7
Education: BACHELOR
Position Level: JUNIOR
 Time of Scrape: 2023-05-10 12:32:06.979178