Job Information
Number of Positions
10
Industry
Technology
Work Experience
0-1 year
Job Description
Job Summary:

As a Software Developer Trainee, you should be well-versed on programming languages, development frameworks and third-party libraries. You’ll be part of a cross-functional team that’s responsible for the full software development life cycle, from conception to deployment.

Responsibilities and Deliverables:
Understanding of Coding languages for frontend or backend development.
Ability to search for components and plugins in platforms matching the requirements.
Basic to medium knowledge of developing custom plugins and components
Should have good analytical skills and logical reasoning skills
Clean & Structured coding pattern with a very strong focus on documentation and commenting
Very good at understanding the logic of code and algorithms
Work with development teams and product managers to ideate software solutions.
Creating servers and databases for functionality.
Write effective APIs
Create security and data protection settings
Design client-side and server-side architecture

Requirements
Required Skills:
Able to learn new skill sets and develop software products.
Ability to analyze and understand technical aspects of a project to write code.
Good understanding of the IT industry and latest technologies in trend.
Effective verbal and written communication skills.
Good at analytical approach, and client-centric approach with exceptional client interfacing and problem solving skills.
Candidate should have strong knowledge of OOPS, Java / C, C++, HTML, Data Structure, Algorithms.
The candidate must have excellent programming skills.
The candidate should be a fast learner
Knowledge of Android, iOS, or angular, ReactJS or NodeJS would be preferred.

Experience:
Freshers


Qualification:
The candidate with B.tech in CS/IT, MCA/ MBA/ M.Tech, or any post-graduation in Computer Sciences.

Benefits
Salary and Benefits:
Work from home
Opportunity to work on the latest technology domains including Blockchain, IoT, Cloud or AI.
Fast Learning
Flexible working hours
Deep technical training from coding to architecture
Opportunity to interact and present work directly to the customer based in US/UK.
Rs. 3 Lakhs per annum effective from the date of joining.
Six Months Probation period from the date of joining.
Annually Salary increment.
Show Less
Report


Testing regine:
Experience: 1
Education: BACHELOR
Position Level: JUNIOR
 Time of Scrape: 2023-05-10 12:31:48.389225