Discord is looking for experienced and passionate data scientist to join our small-but-growing Data Science team! As a member of the Data Science team, you will help Discord achieve its mission of providing people with a sense of belonging in online communities, by collaborating directly with the teams who design, build, and support Discord. If you’re passionate about data, impact, and working on an amazing team, read on and check out our blog about how our team informs strategy &amp; innovation at Discord here! What You'll Be Doing Partner with teams through the full lifecycle of data analytics from ideation and exploratory analysis, to building dashboards and reports Define KPIs and diagnostic metrics that help improve the user experience, encapsulating these measures in clean crisp dashboards that provide the company with timely and actionable information Use our amazing infrastructure to quickly and easily build custom data sets to monitor novel product features and processes Proactively socialize insights, dashboards, and reports with technical and non-technical audiences, soliciting feedback on where to improve Be a champion of A/B testing and help groups throughout the company design, analyze, and interpret A/B tests correctly Collaborate with data and engineering teams to design scalable and future-proof instrumentation You Will Thrive In This Role If 4+ years of experience autonomously translating ambiguous business problems into deep informative insights through hands-on analytics 4+ years of experience building performant dashboards using Tableau, Looker, or similar software - with proficiency in designing clean crisp visualizations 3+ years experience writing excellent SQL Excellent communication skills, with the ability to translate complicated findings or technical approaches in easy-to-understand ways 2+ years of experience in the design, analysis, and interpretation of A/B tests in a large data environment A desire to work with amazing, passionate people who care deeply about solve challenging problems to improve Discord Last but not least - a collaborative attitude and a healthy dose of natural curiosity! Bonus Points Passion for Discord or online communities Experience with writing production ETL Experience with technical leadership, being the point person for one or more stakeholder groups Experience with analytics for social media or international subscription-based online services, including familiarity with concepts such as social graphs, LTV/user-lifecycle analysis, funnel analysis, etc Experience writing performant code in BigQuery SQL The US base salary range for this full-time position is $178,000 to $192,000 + equity + benefits. Our salary ranges are determined by role and level. Within the range, individual pay is determined by additional factors, including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training. Please note that the compensation details listed in US role postings reflect the base salary only, and do not include equity, or benefits. Benefits and Perks Comprehensive medical insurance including Health, Dental and Vision (plus up to $20,000 for gender affirmation procedures) Mental health resources and quarterly wellness stipends 16+ paid holidays, 4 weeks of PTO + use-what-you-need sick days Paid parental leave (plus fertility, adoption and other family planning benefits) Flexible long-term work options (remote and hybrid) Volunteer time off A diverse slate of Employee Resource Groups Plus commuter contributions and other perks for office-based employees About Us Discord is a voice, video and text app that helps friends and communities come together to hang out and explore their interests — from artists and activists, to study groups, sneakerheads, plant parents, and more. With 150 million monthly users across 19 million active communities, called servers, Discord has grown to become one of the most popular communications services in the world. Discord was built without selling ads or user data and instead, offers a premium subscription called Nitro that gives users special perks like higher quality streams and fun customizations. We’re working toward an inclusive world where no one feels like an outsider, where genuine human connection is a click, text chat, or voice call away. A place where everyone can find belonging. Challenging? Heck yes. Rewarding? Double heck yes. It’s a mission that gives us the chance to positively impact millions of people all over the world. So if this strikes a chord with you, come build belonging with us!
Show Less
Report


Testing regine:
Experience: 4
Education: BACHELOR
Position Level: -1
 Time of Scrape: 2023-05-11 12:21:28.388437