EOE Statement
We are an equal employment opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by law. Applicants with disabilities can contact HR at 817-377-9473 if accommodations are needed.

Workplace Type: Onsite

Qualifications:
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or equivalent
At least 1-2 years of experience in software development on the .NET framework in C# or VB.net
Object oriented programming and design
Javascript/Jquery/HTML/CSS
Entity Framework 6.0 / LINQ/
Bootstrap
Strong analytical skills and the ability to work independently, including translation of user requirements and processes into program logic
Ability to work in an agile programming environment where results are valued over process
Working knowledge of Data Sources usage in a Windows Network Environment
Computer skills including experience with Microsoft Office including Outlook, Word and Excel. Access is a plus.
Preferred but not required

Telerik Controls
Experience using SSMS
Database Design concepts
ADO
Generic Lists
Creating Sites in IIS
Job Description:
Website and software application designing, building, or maintaining.
Using scripting or authoring languages, management tools, content creation tools, applications and digital media.
Conferring with teams to resolve conflicts, prioritize needs, develop content criteria, or choose solutions.
Performing Website updates.
Developing or validating test routines and schedules to ensure that test cases mimic external interfaces and address all browser and device types.
Editing, writing, or designing Website content, and directing team members who produce content.
Maintaining an understanding of the latest Web applications and programming practices through education, study, and participation in conferences, workshops, and groups.
Back up files from Web sites to local directories for recovery.
Identifying problems uncovered by customer feedback and testing and correcting or referring problems to appropriate personnel for correction.
Evaluating code to ensure it meets company standards, is valid, is properly structured, and is compatible with browsers, devices, or operating systems.
Determining user needs by analyzing technical requirements.
Show Less
Report


Testing regine:
Experience: 2
Education: BACHELOR
Position Level: -1
 Time of Scrape: 2023-05-10 12:31:50.201560