The Sterner Stuff team is growing! We’re in need of a part- to full-time web developer to work on WordPress, Laravel, and the occasional Shopify website.
Who We Are
Sterner Stuff is a web design & development shop based in Eugene, Oregon. We focus on three lines of business:
Design, development, and long-term support for WordPress sites, ranging from the brochure to enterprise and at-scale
Custom web applications built in Laravel
Some Shopify
Our clients range from local Eugene businesses to national publications handling 3000+ concurrent users at any time. We seek out results-based work: how can we demonstrate a return on investment to our clients.
We currently service about 25 clients on an ongoing basis at a variety of levels.
The Position
Your duties will including maintaining and building out new features on existing websites. These projects may include things like:
Installing and configuring WordPress plugins (both simple and complex)
Using actions and filters to integrate or customize WordPress plugins
Running and automating monthly updates to WordPress websites
Building and maintaining Laravel applications
You should have:
Expert WordPress knowledge, expert Laravel knowledge, or both
Ability to debug your own code and use debugging tools
Expertise in HTML and CSS
Ability to set up a local development environment and understand how it works
Self-management skills to stay on task and deliver work in a timely fashion
Specifically, you should have mid-level experience with the following:
Object-oriented, namespaced PHP
Git
Composer
WP-CLI
WordPress theme development, including a good handle on the WordPress template API. Some experience with FSE is a plus.
Modern JS frameworks. Vue is a plus.
Remote work is acceptable - even encouraged - though preference will be given to candidates that can stop into the office from time to time. Ideally you're on Pacific time.
We're a small company, which means the right person for this position will be able to manage themselves and interact with clients from time to time.
Tools We Love
These are some tools we commonly use. Familiarity with them will give you a leg up.
Advanced Custom Fields
Gravity Forms
WooCommerce
The Events Calendar by Modern Tribe
Beaver Builder
Bedrock by Roots
WP Rocket
AMP for WordPress
First party Laravel tools like Socialite, Passport, Spark, Nova, Sanctum, etc.
Compensation
Pay for this position depends on experience, starting at $28/hr. Other benefits include:
Accruing PTO @ 3 weeks/year
Ongoing education opportunities
Access to Laracasts and other digital training tools
While not currently available, health and retirement benefits are a long-term priority.
Job Types: Full-time, Part-time
Pay: From $27.00 per hour
Benefits:
Flexible schedule
Paid time off
Compensation package:
Hourly pay
Experience level:
3 years
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Choose your own hours
Experience:
WordPress: 3 years (Required)
Laravel: 3 years (Required)
Work Location: Remote
Show Less
Report


Testing regine:
Experience: -1
Education: -1
Position Level: SENIOR
 Time of Scrape: 2023-05-09 16:37:45.012304