Job purpose
ProMedical, LLC is seeking a detail-oriented individual for the position of Junior Software Developer. This role will work with our team of software developers and data analysts to build cutting-edge solutions for the healthcare finance industry. The work is performed in a fast-paced and collaborative environment where your added expertise will help us deliver innovative and automated technology solutions to our customers. The ideal candidate will have good knowledge of software engineering, good interpersonal communication, and understands technical designs and implementations.
Key Responsibilities
This position will provide support to end-users on various issues by identifying, researching, and resolving technical problems.
Successful candidate will have a strong background in computer programming and will help manage our database's infrastructure at ProMedical.
Maintain and enhance enterprise applications and develop new software solutions under guidance
Contribute to all phases of the application product lifecycle, including designing and writing code
Able to learn the codebase
Document the implementation by developing documentation, flowcharts, layouts, diagrams, charts, and code comments.
Qualifications
Strong desire to improve programming skills, no prior professional experience required.
Basic understanding of object-oriented programming, data structures, and algorithms
Basic understanding of Relational Database Systems
Strong interpersonal and communication skills both verbally and in writing
Ability to solve complex problems
Possesses a positive attitude and ability to think outside the box
Strong time management skills
Experience with Microsoft Windows applications
0-2 years of software development experience
Programming languages preferred but not required: Python, Java, Javascript, HTML, and CSS
BS in Computer Science or related technical field or equivalent experience preferred
Physical requirements
This job has minimal physical demands.
Compensation & Benefits
This position offers a competitive salary and benefit package. Benefits include: Remote Working Flexibility, Employee Wellness Program Wellness, Medical & Dental Insurance, Health Savings Account (H.S.A.), Paid Time Off (PTO), 10 Paid Holidays, 100% Coverage for Life, Short Term and Long-Term Insurance, 401k Plan with 4% Match.
Show Less
Report


Testing regine:
Experience: 2
Education: -1
Position Level: JUNIOR
 Time of Scrape: 2023-05-09 18:19:11.417704