Entry-level Software Developer
BeaconFire Corporation based in Central NJ, specializing in Software Development, Web Development, and Business Intelligence is looking for candidates with a strong background in Software Engineering, Computer Science, for Java / Software Developer position.
Job Responsibilities:
· Develop applications using Java 8/JEE (and higher), AngularJS, React.js, SQL, Spring, and HTML5, among other tools.
· Write scalable, secure, maintainable code that powers our clients’ platforms.
· Create, deploy and maintain automated system tests.
· Works with Testers to understand defects opened and resolves them in a timely manner
· Support continuous improvement by investigating alternatives and technologies and presenting these for architectural review
· Collaborates effectively with other team members to accomplish shared user story and sprint goals
Requirement:
· Experience using Spring, Maven, and Angular frameworks, HTML, CSS
· Experience in a programming language Java or similar (e.g. Python, C, C++, C#, etc.) and understanding of the software development life cycle
· Basic programming skills using object-oriented programming (OOP) languages with in-depth knowledge of common APIs and data structures like Collections, Maps, lists, Sets, etc.
· Knowledge of other contemporary Java technologies (e.g. Weblogic, RabbitMQ, Tomcat, etc.)
· Knowledge of JSP, J2EE, and JDBC
· Knowledge of relational databases (e.g. SQL Server, Oracle) basic SQL query language skills
Preferred Qualifications:
· Master’s Degree in Computer Science (CS)
· 0-1 year of practical experience in Java coding
BeaconFire Corporation is an e-verified company, and we provide sponsorship (H1B Visa/Green card) to all qualified candidates.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $60,000.00 - $80,000.00 per year
Benefits:
401(k)
Dental insurance
Employee discount
Health insurance
Health savings account
Life insurance
Paid time off
Professional development assistance
Referral program
Relocation assistance
Retirement plan
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Supplemental pay types:
Bonus pay
Education:
Bachelor's (Preferred)
Experience:
Java: 1 year (Preferred)
Work Location: In person
Show Less
Report


Testing regine:
Experience: 1
Education: MASTER
Position Level: JUNIOR
 Time of Scrape: 2023-05-09 18:19:52.992540