The Lake View Hotel is located on historic Mackinac Island. With 80% of the island protected by a Michigan State Park the island is flush with outdoor recreational activities while having a vibrant business community and tourism industry. Mackinac Island is the number one tourist destination in the Midwest. No cars are on the island, just bicycle, foot and horse traffic. It is like going back in time! With over 10,000 visitors a day it is a great place to live and play.
We employ approximately 30 people over the course of the summer season from early May through October. We are looking for staff who are energetic and interested in meeting new people from other parts of the country as well as other cultures.
Housekeeper. 22 temp, full-time positions. 4/1/22-11/5/22. HIS - Lake View, Inc. d/b/a Lake View Hotel located in Mackinac Island, MI. E-mail: HR@LVMackinac.com
Tasks include:
Clean hotel guest rooms, turn down beds, clean bathrooms, clean public areas, load washing machines, fold and organize linens, towels and amenities and stock linen closets and carts.
M-Sun, 7am-3pm & 3pm-11pm, 6 days per week. Days off and shifts vary. 35 hrs per week. OT varies.
No minimum education or experience required.
Must lift 30 lbs.
Post-employment criminal background check and drug testing upon employer’s reasonable suspicion of an employee’s drug use.
Wage and Job Details:
Wage: $12.82/hour, OT varies at $19.23/hour.
Workers paid bi-weekly.
Optional board/lodging available at $75/week, to be deducted from pay if elected.
On the job training provided. Raises and/or bonuses may be offered to any worker in the specified occupation, at the company’s sole discretion, based on individual factors including work performance, skill and tenure. Single workweek will be used to compute wages due. All deductions from the worker’s paycheck required by law will be made.
If the worker completes 50% of the work contract period, the employer will reimburse the worker for transportation and subsistence from the place of recruitment to the place of work. Upon completion of the work contract or where the worker is dismissed earlier, the employer will provide or pay for workers’ reasonable costs of return transportation and subsistence back home or to the place the worker originally departed to work, except where the worker will not return due to subsequent employment with another employer or where the employer has appropriately reported a worker’s voluntary abandonment of employment. The amount of transportation payment or reimbursement will be equal to the most economical and reasonable common carrier for the distances involved.
Daily subsistence provided at a rate of at least $12.68/day during travel to a maximum of $55.00/day with receipts. H2B Workers will be reimbursed in the first workweek for all visa, visa processing, border crossing and other related fees, including those mandated by the government (except passport fees).
Employer will provide workers at no charge all tools, supplies, and equipment required to perform the job, and guarantees to offer work for hours equal to at least 3/4 of the workdays in each 12 wk period of total employment period.
Please inquire about the job opportunity or send applications directly to the nearest Michigan Works! Office located at 10 N State St, St. Ignace, MI 49781 Ph (906) 643-8158 or the job service office nearest you, or send resume to HR@LVMackinac.com.
Additional Information:
Job Location - Mackinac Island, Michigan 49757
Positions Available - 14
Education Level - None
Job Level - Entry Level
Posted Date 3/17/2022
Expiration Date - 3/31/2022
Characteristics - Full-time, seasonal, willing to train/training program, temporary
O*NET Code - 37-2012.00
O*NET Occupation - Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners
Show Less
Report


Testing regine:
Experience: -1
Education: -1
Position Level: -1
 Time of Scrape: 2023-05-08 21:16:26.245296