You Might Be a Great Fit For This Position if You Have…

A Bachelor’s Degree
Successful Fxers in this role have majored in computer science and related fields
GPA above 3.4

A Few Related Skills and Experiences
(This is an entry-level role, and experience in every one of these areas is not required - training is provided on all core platforms, tools, and technologies you will need to know! But the following skills/experience are awesome to have, and will help get your career off to a running start:):

Part-time/summer job/internship experience is a must
Development experience with web application backend languages (PHP, Python, Ruby, etc.)
Experience with both OOP and procedural programming methodologies
Knowledge of software development frameworks, such as server-side MVC (e.g. Rails, Symfony)
Database experience (MySQL, Google BigQuery)
Background in HTTP API design
Experience with continuous integration and unit testing
Experience with JS Frameworks (JQuery, React, Vue, Backbone, etc.)
Experience with Cloud Computing Programs, Google Cloud Platform, AWS, Azure, etc.
Understanding of software development life-cycles and best practices

Any of these Signature FXer Traits!
You’re passionate about web/software development - you even find yourself spending your free time tinkering and learning new technologies!
You’re comfortable with both object-oriented and procedural programming methodologies
You’re committed to delivering high-quality projects for clients
You enjoy variety, and like the challenge of working on multiple projects
You’re comfortable working both independently and as part of a team
You take direction well, but aren’t afraid to take initiative and make decisions
You see yourself as a problem-solver, and face challenges with a can-do mindset
You put the customer and their goals first
You have an interest in the web and stay up-to-date on new and developing technologies
You are a professional, dependable, and independent worker with a solid work ethic
You’re self-motivated, thrive on challenges, and enjoy getting things done
You have an eye for detail and dedication to high-quality work
You have an exceptional level of follow-through
You possess excellent time/project management skills
You work with a sense of urgency and can consistently meet deadlines
You are an outstanding communicator and possess strong interpersonal skills
You are a lifelong learner who loves to grow and stretch outside of your comfort zone, and are always looking to improve your skills

If any of these sound like you, then we want to hear from you! We are committed to growing 1% better everyday, and we believe working at WebFX could quite possibly make your life 1(00)% better - after all, you would be surrounded by the #BestCoworkersinPA!

In This Role, You’ll Get To…

Build new features to add to our product suite using modern frameworks such as React + React Native
Utilize modern cloud technologies within Google Cloud Platform to ensure high availability
Develop projects within individual namespaces pushed to deployment through Kubernetes
Perform functional testing while also utilizing unit and pipeline tests set up through our Kubernetes and CI/CD deployments
Collaborate with Project Managers and Quality Assurance Testers to keep projects within scope and delivered on time
Monitor, troubleshoot, and optimize application performance using modern full-stack logging technologies
Determine your own goals within each sprint cycle
Report on project KPIs
Explore new technologies and suggest new ways to enhance our roadmap to market velocity and reduce technical debt

A Typical ‘Day in the Life’ Might Consist of:
5% planning and quoting new functionality
10% consulting with other team members and clients
10% performing maintenance and debugging
75% building new functionality
100% pursuing your own personal best while delivering real-world impact for our clients

What You’ll Get From Us!

Opportunities to Learn and Train With Our Team!
Our “Bootcamp” training program will be provided for new FXers to learn, grow and develop both in and out of the office in the specific hard skills necessary to be successful in their position
World class on-the-job training from the experts (think Sr. Developers, not the HR team) as well as opportunities for ongoing personal learning and development
On-site, state-of-the-art training amenities to facilitate departmental trainings, industry-related updates, and monthly Lunch-and-Learns.

A Place to Grow Your Career
WebFX grew 250%+ over the past 3 years, and we promote almost exclusively internally. Merit-based promotional opportunities are abundant for new FXers who meet or exceed position performance metrics

Potential promotional path for Jr. Web Developer:
Web Developer
Associate Web Developer
Associate Lead Web Developer
Lead Web Developer
Sr. Web Developer

Compensation
$77,500 - $100,000 (potentially higher based on work experience)
Potential additional bonus may be offered for GPA's of 3.8+ or graduating with high honors
Check out our culture on social media:
Instagram
Twitter
Facebook

You don't need to apply more than once even if you're interested in multiple positions - you can simply let us know! We consider all open roles when reviewing resumes and applications!

WebFX is an Equal Opportunity Employer, committed to providing and fostering an inclusive environment where all people, including women, minorities, LGBTQ+ and other underrepresented groups are supported, respected, and encouraged to excel within STEM careers. Our goal as an organization is to empower our team to achieve their personal best, bring people together, and provide equal opportunity to do so regardless of race, age, gender, sexual orientation, religion, physical ability or disability, or political affiliation. You can learn more on our website here!
To apply to this job, click Easy Apply
Show Less
Report


Testing regine:
Experience: -1
Education: BACHELOR
Position Level: JUNIOR
 Time of Scrape: 2023-05-09 16:37:49.815726