About Us:
OpenDrives makes high performance data storage a reality for our customers using our unique combination of hardware and software. Our customers range from Hollywood blockbusters, to medical imaging specialists, to academia, and everything in between. At OpenDrives we are building next-generation data storage solutions for high-performance workflows
About the Role:


A Test Engineer is responsible for the quality, robustness, and usability of our applications and platform. Our customers expect the most reliable, functional, user friendly, fast, and repeatable software experience, and this role must ensure our development team provides that.
Essential Duties and Responsibilities:
To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform the following satisfactorily; other duties may be assigned.Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
Manually test the applications and platform and find and report any bugs that may be present
Create automated testing suites to find issues on their own
Participate in research and development for our new and existing product lines
Serve as the ‘back line' for our CX organization to solve hard customer issues
Excellent communication with product, customer experience, and solutions departments
Assess the quality of developed features in the product and provide ample documentation
Demonstrate, document, and hand-off aspects of the project they are working on
Find holes/gaps in our workflow/products and bring in new ideas, propose solutions, and take ownership over execution


Competencies and Skills:

To perform the job successfully, an individual should demonstrate the following.
Ability and patience to manually test our product.
Attention to detail, curiosity to select the right toolset and solution, and the willingness to challenge expectations.
A desire to learn, try new things, and iterate on solutions.
The courage to ask questions, recognize what you don't yet know and seek the answers.
Excited about working on a team with other contributors
Taking pride in your work
The willingness to take a project from conception to release
Empowerment - We bring our talent, voice, and knowledge to each encounter.
Effectiveness - We understand how to do our best work by picking the right tools, creating expectations and scheduling deadlines. We work iteratively and produce a usable product.
Empathy - We understand how to care for ourselves and show respect and care for other teammates.


Expertise:
The following technological expertise is desired, but not required:
Kiwi
TCMS
Python, Pytest, Behave
Bash
Linux,
Debian
ZFS
SMB/NFS (file-sharing)
Lustre (clustering)
Highly Available Systems (pcs, pacemaker, corosync)
HSM (robinhood)
Cloud storage Infrastructure (aws, gcp, azure)
AI/MLData Science
Education and Experience
Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or related field or equivalent education preferred
Two or more years of relevant experience preferred
Physical Demands
The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to sit and use hands to finger, handle, or feel. The employee is frequently required to talk or hear; stand and walk. The employee must be able to occasionally lift and/or move up to 10 pounds.

Work Environment
The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate.
Benefits
We have some awesome perks if you want to work with us.
Incredible vacation policy and flexible schedule
Great health, dental, and vision insurance
Employer and Employee Paid Life Insurance & AD&D Options
Voluntary Short & Long Term Disability Options
Flexible Spending Account/Health Savings Account Options
Employee Assistance Program
401(k)
Cell Phone and Internet Allowance
Options for hybrid remote/office work, or full remote
A culture of empathy and empowerment
Pay Scale Disclaimer
The hiring base salary range for this role is $90,000.00- $110,000.00 USD annually.
Please note that the compensation information provided is a good faith estimate for this position only and is provided pursuant to the California Salary Transparency in Job Advertisements Law. OpenDrives takes into consideration a candidate's education, training, and experience, external market and internal value, including seniority and merit systems, and internal pay alignment when determining the salary level for potential new employees. In compliance with the California Law, a potential new employee's salary history will not be used in compensation decisions.
Show Less
Report


Testing regine:
Experience: -1
Education: BACHELOR
Position Level: -1
 Time of Scrape: 2023-05-09 18:19:49.420055