Job description
[REMOTE FROM ANYWHERE IN LATIN AMERICA]

About RebelMouse
RebelMouse is the always-modern SaaS CMS where more than 100 enterprise brands and media companies grow their digital audience. Websites running on RebelMouse serve more than half a billion page views per month, and that’s not counting distribution to other platforms like social media! We blend product and strategy together to move the needle where it matters most to increase traffic, loyalty and revenue

Our People
Our fully-distributed team lives in 28 countries around the world, and proud to be a majority female tech company. Led by Andrea Breanna, our Mexican-American, gender fluid founder and CEO, we are a very safe, positive and loving environment where diversity matters. We enjoy interesting tasks and strong challenges, value a sense of humor and strive for life balance.


Your responsibilities as Web Developer (HTML, CSS, JS):
As Web Developer, you will work on our proprietary CMS platform to develop well-designed and high performance websites using HTML, CSS and JavaScript for our current clients matching their business strategy. Also you might assume challenges like integrating ads and different 3rd party services using vanilla JS.

Job requirements
Basic Requirements - You need to have:
+3 years of proven work experience developing responsive and well-designed websites
Strong expertise with HTML and CSS
Ability to implement UI features with vanilla JavaScript
Ability to set up and build new websites and customize existing sites
Commitment to deliver good code structure and code performance
Passion for pixel perfect design and high performance websites
Availability to work in Eastern Time Zone (at least 4 hours of overlap)
Good English communication skills (good, not perfect!)

Benefits Package
Remote work forever

Monthly wellness subsidy
Learning & Development subsidy
Flexible work hours

Flexible paid time off (PTO) with 12 national holidays and 20 days of vacation per year, as well as paid sick days and personal celebrations days : )

RebelMouse is committed to providing a diverse work environment. We appreciate the unique competencies that each person brings to the company and we provide equal employment opportunity to all applicants and employees without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, protected veteran status, or disability status.
Show Less
Report


Testing regine:
Experience: 3
Education: -1
Position Level: -1
 Time of Scrape: 2023-05-09 16:38:16.186767