Job Description :
Under general supervision assist the Vendor Support Team designing and updating forms and booklets and to assist with the certification testing process for software vendors' paper and electronic submissions
Must be local to Metro Atlanta
The following compliance item is REQUIRED at the time of resume submission.
**Tax Clearance Letter** (Pls review compliance tab for instruction)
Job Summary:
Under general supervision assist the Vendor Support Team designing and updating forms and booklets and to assist with the certification testing process for software vendors' paper and electronic submissions
Job Responsibilities:
Create, update, and maintain tax forms and booklets using design tools and software.
Prepare charts, graphs, or forms to go along with business and technical requirements.
Provide customer service by answering design/form layout questions and 2D barcode inquiries.
Work with internal business partners to verify that the forms meet requirements and are compliant with form standards.
Ability to think through workflows and the characteristics that make each workflow different.
Troubleshoot forms issues.
Test and review web forms for posting to the Department’s website.
Respond to vendor inquiries regarding forms and submissions.
Test software vendors’ paper tax documents and payment vouchers for barcodes, content, placement, and scanlines.
Test software vendors’ electronic file submissions for standards, accuracy, and completeness.
Perform complex form design calculations.
Translate and organize complex technical information into an array of readable formats.
Analyzes test results and prepares recommendations based on findings.
Provide software vendors with feedback by documenting errors discovered during testing.
Review electronic formatted files to ensure data elements are present.
REQUIRED Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree in a related field from an accredited college or university
JavaScript, Coding/Programming experience required
Adobe Acrobat Pro DC
Microsoft Office suite: Word, Excel, Power Point, Notepad
Experience coding and re-coding data contained within various forms/documents
Test, review and troubleshoot forms/document design
Experience reviewing test cases.
Make update/add-on to previous coding.
Job Type: Contract
Salary: $25.00 - $28.00 per hour
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Work Location: One location
Speak with the employer
+91 +12342264860
Show Less
Report


Testing regine:
Experience: -1
Education: BACHELOR
Position Level: -1
 Time of Scrape: 2023-05-09 16:38:24.712166