Landen is an organic skincare brand established in Denmark, Copenhagen in 2020. We create hair and body care products made from botanical ingredients. With gentle, yet effective formulations and a focus on minimalist design Landen believe in encouraging positive habits of wellbeing.
About the role:
Reporting to the Commercial Manager, the Analyst is responsible for qualitative and quantitative analysis of potential strategic business initiatives, supporting and preparing detailed financial analysis including financial modelling, profitability analysis, return on investment / discounted cash flow analysis, monitoring business issues and impacts to bottom line.
Responsibilities:
Partnering with Sales and supply chain division
Stock Control maintenance
Finance report and weekly summary of stock and sales
Preparing daily and monthly sales reports
Create some financial modelling through analysing data
Analysing stock trends to improve sales
Analyse buying trends from the sales data to improve decision making
Convert data into insights through analytics and modelling
Report on customer data to support Sales team and inventory data to support Product team
Analyse stock trends to improve sales across all distribution channels
Analyse Customer and Sales trends to improve decision making
Carry out analysis and financial administrative tasks as required
Relevant skills & attributes:
Degree in an accounting, mathematics, or other similar field.
Strong problem-solving skills
Effective communication skills
Ability to analyse and evaluate financial data.
Interpersonal skills and ability to communicate across divisions
What we offer:
Competitive remuneration and salary packaging options.
Commitment to diversity, inclusion, health and wellbeing of our people.
Gym membership & health insurance
Flexible and hybrid working environment including tailored hours, remote working, career breaks, study leave, generous paid parental leave and leave purchase plans.
Wed love to hear from you
If you meet a number of the requirements, but not all, we encourage you to submit your application. We highly value diverse life experiences and perspectives and were open to adapting the role to suit the right person. You can learn more about working with us on LinkedIn [link removed]. Our Talent Acquisition Team and Hiring Leaders kindly request no unsolicited resumes or approaches from Recruitment Agencies. Landen is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.
Landen is committed to embracing a diverse, inclusive and flexible work environment. We aim to attract and retain the best people regardless of their sex/gender, marital or parental status, ethnic origin, nationality, age, background, disability, sexual orientation, and gender identity.
Show Less
Report


Testing regine:
Experience: -1
Education: -1
Position Level: SENIOR
 Time of Scrape: 2023-05-08 21:16:15.665494