Job Description
We are looking for a great JavaScript developer who is proficient with React.js. Your primary focus will be on developing user interface components and implementing them following well-known React.js middleware (such as React Hooks or Redux). You will ensure that these components and the overall application are robust and easy to maintain. You will coordinate with the rest of the team working on different layers of the infrastructure. Therefore, a commitment to collaborative problem solving, sophisticated design, and quality product is important.
Responsibilities
Developing new user-facing features using React.js
Building reusable components and front-end libraries for future use
Translating designs and wireframes into high quality code
Optimizing components for maximum performance across a vast array of browsers and web-capable devices.
Develop new products/features for web that adhere to best practices
Define the technical requirements that are required to develop the product/feature
Architect and design the technical solution and implement the solution
Deliver a hybrid user experience to be easily portable between web and mobile.
Explore, assess and prototype new technologies to drive innovation and problem solving
Partner and collaborate with stakeholders and other technology teams
Identify and analyze open source/market solutions
Skills
Strong proficiency in JavaScript, including DOM manipulation and the JavaScript object model
Thorough understanding of React.js and its core principles
Experience with popular React.js workflows (such as Hooks or Redux)
Familiarity with newer specifications of ECMA-Script.
Must be hands on with all fundamental libraries and concepts to work a front-end application.
Experience with NoSQL data bases like Mongo DB.
Knowledge of isomorphic React is a plus
Familiarity with RESTful APIs
Knowledge of modern authorization mechanisms, such as JSON Web Token, oAuth.
Familiarity with modern front-end build pipelines and tools
Experience with common front-end development tools such as Babel, Webpack, NPM, etc.
Ability to understand business requirements and translate them into technical requirements
A knack for benchmarking and optimization
Familiarity with git version control tool
Job Types: Full-time, Contract
Pay: From $105,000.00 per year
Benefits:
401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance
Experience level:
7 years
8 years
9 years
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Work Location: In person
Show Less
Report


Testing regine:
Experience: -1
Education: -1
Position Level: -1
 Time of Scrape: 2023-05-09 16:37:24.088884