Hintz and Co is a boutique full service media agency with depth and passion. Hintz Group operates in Europe and North America and services its clients through a portfolio of specialist teams that span across media, strategy, digital, data consulting, programmatic buying and performance marketing. We balance digital with traditional, data with instincts, delivering meaningful media executions.
We are committed to fostering a culture that empowers our people, encourages sustainability and promotes teamwork and work-life balance
About The Role
With our head office in France, Hintz has more recently opened an office in North America and is currently building a team of energetic, nimble and passionate individuals. You will be hands-on across a variety of projects, with a huge opportunity for career progression and play a critical role within the team on a daily basis.
We are looking for an individual with a keen eye for detail to join us as our Entry Level Data Analyst. Reporting to the Reporting and Analytics Manager, this role is to provide value-added insights that lead to optimal business decisions. You will be responsible for providing in-depth strategic and analytical information in the areas of operations, customer, growth, and portfolio performance management all whilst building and maintaining reports to track key performance indicators.
So why not come and join a team that is helping shape the future of media!
Responsibilities
Building and implementing company-wide reports to interpret and collate data.
Generate insights across all areas of the business whilst using data analytics to identify key areas of discussion.
Undertake regular reviews of existing portfolio for demographic, economic and commercial drivers
Business partner and support Operational/Support teams to integrate new business strategy and work routines
Model data for analysis and for input into financial planning
Prepare and deliver data presentations and analytical insights to the business, including to the executive management
Continuous improvement to documentation standards and create efficiencies in reporting methodologies.
Build an understanding of the sector that underpins analytical insights against the business key metrics
About You
Undergraduate qualification in data analytics, mathematics, or a related discipline
Power BI Experience and SQL not essential but would be beneficial.
High levels of critical thinking and ability to problem solve with high attention to detail
High-level understanding of data and experience in extracting, integrating, manipulating, and displaying data from various systems using automation where possible
Well-developed communication/presentation skills at all levels of the business
Excellent interpersonal skills and ability to work well in a team and across the business
What we offer
Competitive Remuneration Package
401k plan
Insurance (Health, Dental and Vision)
Flexible Hours
More vacation time
Free yoga/meditation classes
How to apply
Hintz is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applications without regards to race, sex, age, color, religion, national origin, veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information or any characteristic protected by law. We welcome employees to be their true, authentic selves, without exception and believe individual differences add value to our team. Join our team; we know it will be a life- changing experience!
We continually review applications, so if you don't want to miss out, apply today below. Note that we prefer to deal with you directly; we haven't briefed a recruitment agency on this role and won't be accepting CVs through any recruitment agency, so please apply directly.
Show Less
Report


Testing regine:
Experience: -1
Education: 2
 Time of Scrape: 2023-05-17 14:10:07.565017