At Coinbase, our mission is to increase economic freedom around the world, and we couldn’t do this without hiring the best people. We’re a group of hard-working overachievers who are deeply focused on building the future of finance and Web3 for our users across the globe, whether they’re trading, storing, staking or using crypto. Know those people who always lead the group project? That’s us.
There are a few things we look for across all hires we make at Coinbase, regardless of role or team. First, we look for candidates who will thrive in a culture like ours, where we default to trust, embrace feedback, and disrupt ourselves. Second, we expect all employees to commit to our mission-focused approach to our work. Finally, we seek people who are excited to learn about and live crypto, because those are the folks who enjoy the intense moments in our sprint and recharge work culture. We’re a remote-first company looking to hire the absolute best talent all over the world.
Ready to #LiveCrypto? Who you are:
You’ve got positive energy. You’re optimistic about the future and determined to get there.
You’re never tired of learning. You want to be a pro in bleeding edge tech like DeFi, NFTs, DAOs, and Web 3.0.
You appreciate direct communication. You’re both an active communicator and an eager listener - because let’s face it, you can’t have one without the other. You’re cool with candid feedback and see every setback as an opportunity to grow.
You can pivot on the fly. Crypto is constantly evolving, so our priorities do, too. What you worked on last month may not be what you work on today, and that excites you. You’re not looking for a boring job.
You have a “can do” attitude. Our teams create high-quality work on quick timelines. Owning a problem doesn’t scare you, but rather empowers you to take 100% responsibility for achieving our mission.
You want to be part of a winning team. We’re stronger together, and you’re a person who embraces being pushed out of your comfort zone.
The Coinbase Customer Experience (CX) organization plays an imperative role in achieving our mission. Our team is dedicated to eliminating customer challenges, empowering our global user base via self-service and automation, and optimizing customer support interactions to build an effortless experience. As a Data Analyst on our team, you will help drive business impact through data. You’ll have the opportunity to transform data into valuable business insights and help shape our strategy to deliver maximum impact to our customers, while also heavily influencing strategy, planning, and execution.
What you’ll be doing (ie. job duties): To be completed by all business teams except Eng.
Improve customer experiences by developing bar raising metrics, self-service tools, and deep analyses that drive actionable insights
Collaborate with stakeholders to manage a long-term analytic roadmap that balances the tactical and strategic needs of the business
Proactively identify opportunity areas for improvement including deep dive investigations and processes to better serve our customers
Drive the vision, building, and adoption of self-service analytic capabilities; develop these capabilities at scale
Understand data resources and know when, how, and which best to use for each project
Ability to frame and break down complex business problems into key components and recommend practical solutions
Monitor key performance metrics and use data to identify actionable opportunities to increase efficiency and make high-quality decisions that drive performance improvements
Build a collaborative team environment that fosters efficient execution, innovation, and continuous improvement
Develop and support the analytical technologies that give our team timely, flexible, and structured access to their data
What we look for in you (ie. job requirements): To be completed by all business teams except Eng.
3+ years of relevant experience
Advanced SQL and data modeling skills, Python experience a plus
Proficient using at least one data visualization product (Looker, Tableau, QuickSight, etc.)
Excellent written and verbal communication skills are required, including experience meeting with and communicating information to senior leadership
Highly collaborative, with an ability to optimally secure inputs from many cross-functional partner teams
Ability to think strategically, formulate appropriate analytical solutions, and execute in order to solve business needs
Nice to haves:
Report automation experience (e.g. using Python, R)
Knowledge of AWS services and cloud computing
Experience with descriptive and inferential statistics
Experience with financial industry regulations
Experience with customer support metrics/data
Pay Transparency Notice: Depending on your work location, the target annual salary for this position can range from $93,500 to $110,000 + target bonus + target equity + benefits (including medical, dental, vision and 401(k)).
Commitment to Equal Opportunity
Coinbase is committed to diversity in its workforce and is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, sex, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation or any other basis protected by applicable law. Coinbase will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. For US applicants, you may view Pay Transparency, Employee Rights and Know Your Rights notices by clicking on their corresponding links. Additionally, Coinbase participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law.
Coinbase is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations to individuals with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation because of a disability for any part of the employment process, please send an e-mail to accommodations[at]coinbase.com and let us know the nature of your request and your contact information. For quick access to screen reading technology compatible with this site click here to download a free compatible screen reader (free step by step tutorial can be found here).
Global Data Privacy Notice for Job Candidates and Applicants
Depending on your location, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) may regulate the way we manage the data of job applicants. Our full notice outlining how data will be processed as part of the application procedure for applicable locations is available here. By submitting your application, you are agreeing to our use and processing of your data as required. For US applicants only, by submitting your application you are agreeing to arbitration of disputes as outlined here.

Benefits at Coinbase
Medical Plan, Dental and Vision Plan with generous employee contributions
Health Savings Account with company contributions each pay period
Disability and Life Insurance
401(k) plan with company match
Wellness Stipend
Mobile/Internet Reimbursement
Remote-First Stipend
Connections Stipend
Volunteer Time Off
Fertility Counseling and Benefits
18 weeks paid Parental Leave
The option of getting paid in digital currency
Learn more about our mission
Show Less
Report


Testing regine:
Experience: 3
Education: 1
 Time of Scrape: 2023-05-17 14:11:10.123018