Unique mastery and recognized authority on relevant subject matter knowledge including technologies, theories and techniques. Contributes to the development of innovative principles and ideas. Successfully operates in the most complex disciplines, in which the company must operate to be successful. Provides highly innovative solutions. Leads large, cross-division functional teams or projects that affect the organization?s long-term goals and objectives. May participate in cross-division, multi-function teams. Provides mentoring and guidance to lower level employees. Routinely exercises independent judgment in developing methods, techniques and criteria for achieving objectives. Develops strategy and sets functional policy and direction. Acts as a functional manager within area of expertise but does not manage other employees as a primary job function. (TCP review board required in TCP families)
Responsibilities:
Develops organization-wide
architectures and methodologies for design and development of complex products, platforms, systems, software, and technology across multiple engineering disciplines, platforms and organizations within the Global Business Unit.
Identifies and evaluates new technologies, innovations, and outsourced development partner relationships for alignment with technology roadmap and business value; creates plans for integration and update into architecture.
Reviews and evaluates designs and project activities for compliance with technology and development guidelines and standards; integrates suggestions, updates, and innovations into overall architecture.
Leverages recognized domain expertise, business acumen, and experience to influence decisions of executive business leadership, outsourced development partners, and industry standards groups.
Provides guidance and mentoring to less- experienced staff members to set an example of engineering design innovation and excellence.
Education and Experience Required:
Bachelor's or Master's degree in Mechanical, Electrical, or other Engineering, Computer Science, or equivalent.
Typically 10+ years experience.
Knowledge and Skills:
Using, evaluating, and developing appropriate engineering design tools and software packages.
Excellent analytical and problem solving skills.
Conducting reviews of material specifications and hardware and electrical component design
Evaluating and selecting forms of empirical analysis, modeling and testing methodologies to validate product designs and specifications
History of innovation with examples of developing new technologies and practices for designs
Excellent written and verbal communication skills; mastery in English and local language. Ability to effectively communicate product architectures, design proposals and negotiate options at business unit and executive levels.

About HP

You’re out to reimagine and reinvent what’s possible—in your career as well as the world around you.
So are we. We love taking on tough challenges, disrupting the status quo, and creating what’s next. We’re in search of talented people who are inspired by big challenges, driven to learn and grow, and dedicated to making a meaningful difference.

HP is a technology company that operates in more than 170 countries around the world united in creating technology that makes life better for everyone, everywhere.

Our history: HP’s commitment to diversity, equity and inclusion – it's just who we are.
From the boardroom to factory floor, we create a culture where everyone is respected and where people can be themselves, while being a part of something bigger than themselves. We celebrate the notion that you can belong at HP and bring your authentic self to work each and every day. When you do that, you’re more innovative and that helps grow our bottom line. Come to HP and thrive!
Show Less
Report


Testing regine:
Experience: 10
Education: 1
 Time of Scrape: 2023-05-17 14:42:14.202002