At Delta Dental, we have a passion for making people smile. And every day, our employees work to make that passion come to life. We have been in existence since 1982 and have been voted Arkansas' Best Places to Work for nine years in a row. We are looking for a member of our team who is passionate about our mission to improve the oral health of Arkansans and ready to make a difference.
We have four core values that we stand by at Delta Dental of Arkansas:
Act with Integrity
Respect People
World-Class Service
Focus on Community
We believe in supporting our employees through a multitude of fantastic benefits:
Competitive pay with bonus opportunities
Excellent insurance package including fully paid dental, short term disability, long term disability, and life insurance
Education assistance
401(k) matching and profit sharing plan
Job Summary: Provides data analysis and reporting to support organization requests and other company initiatives. Collaborates and communicates with other departments to define data requirements. Supports business decisions by providing quantitative and qualitative data analysis. Applies business knowledge and understanding while providing data analysis to assist in solving complex problems.

Primary Job Responsibilities:

1. Communicates with stakeholders to understand analytics requirements and translate to technical specs, executes and documents tasks necessary to deliver expected results, produce easy to understand reports and/or conclusions, and provide insight and clarity for any organization questions.
2. Responsible for delivering meaningful insights that support decision-making for corporate initiatives. Provide insights and additional clarity when needed to support organization questions.
3. Designs, implements, and maintains various levels of application programs necessary to complete job functions. Assists in all the stages of the development of dynamic business intelligence reporting tools, from structuring data solutions to support the analytical outcome to training end users. Provides support in managing and designing the analytics environment, including data sources, storage structures, security, and metadata.
4. Develop reports that provide insights into business performance and trends. Creates and publishes scheduled and ad hoc reports. Assist in the production of monthly, quarterly, and annual reports to support the organization and some of our largest clients.
5. Apply data visualization techniques and tools to business problems, communicating information in a format that's intuitive and useful. Discover new opportunities to apply data to decision-making.
6. Acquires and manipulates structured data from primary or secondary data sources, inspects, maintains, organizes, cleans, troubleshoots, and analyzes business data to facilitate identifying data driven patterns, trends, or insights. Prepare presentable conclusions based on that information.
7. Engage with other data analysts and team members to cross-train across the department.
8. Develops, monitors, implements, and improves upon existing and new standards and best practices for the Business Analysis function, upon approval from leadership.
9. Support all data needs determined by financial, state, internal, and client audits.
Perform other related assigned duties as necessary to complete the Primary Job Responsibilities as described above.


Requirements:
Minimum Qualifications:

Position requires a bachelor's degree in Mathematics, Economics, Computer Science or related field and three years' of relevant experience. At least one year experience with a programming language such as SAS, SQL, or R. SAS programming experience preferred. Experience with other reporting tools is a plus. Will accept any suitable combination of education, training or experience.
Position requires: ability to write reports, business correspondence, and procedure manuals, ability to effectively present information, both written and orally and respond to questions from internal or external customers, intermediate experience working with databases, advanced analytical skills, critical thinking, attention to detail, and the ability to consistently process confidential data and information according to guidelines.


Employees are to adhere to department and corporate policies and procedures, serve internal and external customers and support the goal of other departments and the company.
Show Less
Report


Testing regine:
Experience: 9
Education: 1
 Time of Scrape: 2023-05-17 14:11:05.844031