Are you passionate about conducting quantitative research and analysis to drive business performance? Do you love information technology and systems? Can you help us use data to support our restaurant operators, and protect the company?
Boqueria® Restaurants is on a mission to find a Data Analyst to support our restaurant and Home Office teams with a proven track record in data analytics and project management.
Boqueria is a Spanish tapas restaurant group, with 8 locations spread throughout NYC, DC, Chicago & Nashville. Boqueria is expanding across the Eastern part of the United States and this position will require some occasional travel to support restaurants outside of New York City.
Are you our Data Analyst?
This Data Analyst position is responsible for supporting home office management with all aspects of data analytics. The Data Analyst updates system data, creates recurring reporting, and conducts ad hoc analyses to allow Operations, Marketing, People, Development, and Finances to better understand the business drivers.
You’ll thrive in this position if you are:
Exceptionally curious with a creative approach to problem-solving
Passionate about the Restaurant/Hospitality Industry
Proficient with or the ability to quickly learn the technologies and systems used throughout the organization
Able to synthesize and translate data insights into actionable steps to execute change
Responsibilities:
Here’s the kind of work you’ll get to do:
Analyze the impact of menu pricing changes on product mix, sales velocity of individual items, and guest spend
Develop Reporting and Analysis surrounding Learning & Development Initiatives – reviewing impact on various factors such as guest sentiment, guest frequency, guest spend, and employee retention
Partner with CRM agency to develop and assess quarterly report detailing repeat guest behavior over time
Research and present demographic data for NROs and real estate development
Qualifications:
3+ years in data analyst role
Strong ability to create models in excel, Power BI, or other visualization tool
Comprehensive knowledge of information technology and systems
Highly Preferred:
Programming experience in SQL, DAX, Power Query, Python, R, C#, or other Database + BI languages
Comprehensive understanding of Restaurant technology
Ability to streamline data collection methods to create automated and easy-to-use routines.
Why Boqueria?
Work with great people who love hospitality
Competitive pay and comprehensive benefits
A strong company culture with high standards
Be part of growing an upscale restaurant group into new markets
We are an equal opportunity employer. We do not base our employment decisions on an applicant's race, sex, sexual orientation, age, color, national origin, citizenship, disability, handicap, veteran status, or any other factor prohibited by local, state, or federal law.
#SourcingPro #96uv #date051623 #boqueria6
Show Less
Report


Testing regine:
Experience: 3
Education: 2
 Time of Scrape: 2023-05-17 14:10:44.112952