Scale is looking for a senior data analyst to join our Business Analytics team to help advance AI development. As a data analyst, you will partner with leadership and teams from across the business—from finance to opeartions—to help unpack ambiguous problems and build lasting, scalable analytics solutions. Your work will directly evolve how Scale operates and measures itself. The ideal candidate is detail oriented, rigorous about validating results, talented at distilling down complexity, and loves tackling and solving hard problems.
You will:
Build scalable data assets (dashboards and underlying data models and workflows) to unlock reliable data analytics and insights to enable Business and Generative AI Product workflows
Add contextual layer to data to enable and educate stakeholders on leveraging new data assets that you create
Be a proactive partner to your business stakeholders and provide insights and conclusions rather than just data outputs
Tackle business critical questions by developing hypotheses and testing and iterating on interim results
Partner with Data Engineers, Data Scientists, and Business Stakeholders to develop business metrics to understand our existing financial performance and influence our financial future
Ideally You'd Have:
5+ years of industry experience in a highly analytical role
Degree in a quantitative field (e.g., Maths, Engineering)
Expert-level proficiency in writing complex, highly-optimized SQL queries across large datasets.
Working knowledge of Python and associated data libraries
Proficient knowledge in using and communicating through BI tools like Tableau
Strong communication and presentation skills to executives
Expertise at both defining the right metrics as well as diagnosing and understanding data inconsistencies

The base salary range for this full-time position in our hub locations of San Francisco, New York, or Seattle, is $132,000 - $144,000. Compensation packages at Scale include base salary, equity, and benefits. The range displayed on each job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target for new hire salaries for the position, determined by work location and additional factors, including job-related skills, experience, interview performance, and relevant education or training. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for your preferred location during the hiring process. Scale employees are also granted Stock Options that are awarded upon board of director approval. You’ll also receive benefits including, but not limited to: Comprehensive health, dental and vision coverage, retirement benefits, a learning and development stipend, and generous PTO. Additionally, this role may be eligible for additional benefits such as a commuter stipend.
About Us:
At Scale, we believe that the transition from traditional software to AI is one of the most important shifts of our time. Our mission is to make that happen faster across every industry, and our team is transforming how machine learning can build innovative products. Our products provide access to human-powered data for hundreds of use cases and are used by industry leaders such as Open AI, Lyft, Meta, GM, Samsung, Airbnb, NVIDIA, and many more. We’ve recently raised $325 million in Series E funding at a valuation of $7B+ and are expanding our team to accelerate the development of AI applications.

We believe that everyone should be able to bring their whole selves to work, which is why we are proud to be an inclusive and equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability status, gender identity or Veteran status.

We are committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and mental disabilities. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation in the application or recruiting process due to a disability, please contact us at accommodations@scale.com. Please see the United States Department of Labor's EEO poster and EEO poster supplement for additional information.

PLEASE NOTE: We collect, retain and use personal data for our professional business purposes, including notifying you of job opportunities that may be of interest. We limit the personal data we collect to that which we believe is appropriate and necessary to manage applicants' needs, provide our services, and comply with applicable laws. Any information we collect in connection with your application will be treated in accordance with our internal policies and programs designed to protect personal data.
Show Less
Report


Testing regine:
Experience: 5
Education: 2
 Time of Scrape: 2023-05-17 14:10:37.187255