
About the team
The Zillow Group Engineering team is innovating on the next generation of real estate. We have the ability to transform the future of the industry with unmatched consumer reach to over 200 million users across our brands like Zillow, Trulia, and StreetEasy, and industry-leading platforms for employees and partner professionals who support our customers.

We believe that creativity, collaboration, and innovation lead to success.
We actively encourage our teams to learn about the business and share their ideas.
We value “culture add” and promote a diverse and inclusive workplace!

We leverage technology best suited for each use case, however, our teams typically use the following tech:
ES6, React, Typescript and GraphQL to power our web applications.
About the role
As a Software Development Engineer, you will have an opportunity to:
Ship code that directly impacts our customers as they dream, shop, and connect with professionals throughout their home-shopping journey.
Work with modern frontend technologies at scale.
Collaborate with teams and individuals across the company on a variety of products.
Learn from experienced engineers through mentorship and career development programs.
This role has been categorized as a Remote position. “Remote” employees do not have a permanent corporate office workplace and, instead, work from a physical location of their choice which must be identified to the Company. Employees may live in any of the 50 US States, with limited exceptions. In certain cases, an employee in a remote-designated job may need to live in a specific region or time zone to support customers or clients as part of their role.
In California, Colorado, Connecticut, Nevada, New York City and Washington the standard base pay range for this role is $128,600.00 - $205,400.00 Annually. This base pay range is specific to California, Colorado, Connecticut, Nevada, New York City and Washington and may not be applicable to other locations.
In addition to a competitive base salary this position is also eligible for equity awards based on factors such as experience, performance and location. Actual amounts will vary depending on experience, performance and location.
Who you are
Wondering if we're the right team for you? You'll excel in this team if you are passionate about designing and developing engaging products and features and you are:
Bringing 2-4 years of software development experience or relevant transferable skills
Experienced with modern development technologies: HTML, CSS, ES6, React, and Typescript to deliver front-end user interfaces.
Enthusiastic about working in collaborative team environments to find creative solutions for challenging engineering problems.
Knowledgeable of the software development lifecycle including coding standards, code reviews, source control, testing, and operations.
Ready to learn new technologies, improve your skills, and advance your career!
Here at Zillow - we value the experience and perspective of candidates with non-traditional backgrounds. We encourage you to apply if you have transferable skills or related experiences.
Get to know us
Zillow is reimagining real estate to make home a reality for more and more people.
As the most-visited real estate website in the United States, Zillow® and its affiliates help movers find and win their home through digital solutions, first class partners, and easier buying, selling, financing and renting experiences. Millions of people visit Zillow Group sites every month to start their home search, and now they can rely on Zillow to help make it easier to move. The work we do helps people get home and no matter what job you're in, you will play a critical role in making home a reality for more and more people.
Our efforts to streamline the real estate transaction are supported by a deep-rooted culture of innovation, our passion to redefine the employee experience, a fundamental commitment to Equity and Belonging, and world-class benefits. These benefits include comprehensive medical, dental, vision, life, and disability coverages as well as parental leave, family benefits, retirement contributions, and paid time off. We’re also setting the standard for work experiences of the future, where our employees are supported in doing their best work and living a flexible, well-balanced life. But don’t just take our word for it. Read recent reviews on Glassdoor and recent recognition from multiple organizations, including: the 100 Best Companies to Work For, Glassdoor Employees’ Choice Award, Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index, Human Rights Campaign (HRC) Corporate Equity Index, and TIME 100 Most Influential Companies list.
Zillow Group is an equal opportunity employer committed to fostering an inclusive, innovative environment with the best employees. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please contact us at RecruitingAccessibility@zillowgroup.com.
Applicants who receive job offers from Zillow Group will be asked to sign a Proprietary Rights Agreement which includes confidentiality, intellectual property assignment, customer and employee non-solicitation, and non-competition provisions. If you are contacted for a role at Zillow Group and wish to review a copy of the Proprietary Rights Agreement prior to receiving an offer, you may request a copy from your Recruiter.
Apply Now: click Apply Now
Show Less
Report
Frontend engineer
<selenium.webdriver.remote.webelement.WebElement (session="42367e7b23a1ca09f3153a3d90b5ac1c", element="7111f0bb-c203-43fc-8056-b24dfde70a58")>
-1


Testing regine:
Experience: 4
Education: 1
Position Level: 1
 Time of Scrape: 2023-05-17 22:52:42.779726