KEY REQUIREMENTS:
Must have all 3:
C# Experience
Appium
Worked on Mobile Apps
The experience he needs: This person has tested mobile apps against C#. Can test and complete Mobile UI Design Projects. Can work with others on a team. Ambitious, thrive in fast-pace work environment. Will be okay with very little training - can hit the ground running!
What he doesn't want to see: Candidates that have more web-based experience or backend server exp.
Duties and Responsibilities:
Review functional and design specifications to ensure full understanding of individual deliverables.
Provide estimates for creating test cases, test plans and testing specific features.
Develop, document, and maintain functional test cases and other test artifacts like the test data and data validation.
Execute and evaluate test cases and report test results.
Enter defects/enhancements that are accurate, clearly stated and submitted in a timely fashion.
Learn and adhere to testing processes and policies.
Report clearly on assigned tasks and recognize and alert management of potential problems/issues in advance. Facilitate test plan/case reviews with cross-functional team members.
Identify any potential quality issues per defined process and escalate potential quality issues immediately to other project teams.
Design and develop advanced test suites using object-oriented methodologies.
Implement and execute test strategies on all supported platforms and languages to help improve overall quality and test code coverage.
Design and develop integration, regression, and stress tests using industry standard tools.
Collaborate with Shareholders to understand requirements and translate them into test cases.
Good knowledge of mobile application testing, API Testing and Database testing.
Define, implement, and maintain test plans, test specifications and test suites.
Lead discussions on issues and propose options and solutions.
Mentor team members
Basic Requirements:
BS in Computer Science/Computer Engineering or equivalent
Must have hands on experience with C#.
5+ years of experience in a full-time software automation quality role.
Have a solid understanding of QA testing techniques and best practices.
Ability to create test cases, define testing strategies, and identify high-risk areas.
Knowledge/Understanding of methodologies (Waterfall, Agile)
Preferred Requirements:
Ability to work well independently or in a team environment.
Clear written and Oral communication skills.
Job Type: Contract
Salary: Up to $55.00 per hour
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Day shift
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Experience:
C#: 1 year (Required)
Appium: 1 year (Required)
mobile application testing: 1 year (Required)
Software Automation Quality role: 4 years (Required)
Work Location: Remote
Speak with the employer
+91 9088087019
Show Less
Report


Testing regine:
Experience: 5
Education: 1
 Time of Scrape: 2023-05-17 14:42:07.855151