
This position is eligible for a $10,000 Sign On Bonus!
What are important things that YOU need to know about this role?
This position is eligible to be fully remote
C# experience is required and after fully trained this person will be a full-stack developer
What will YOU be doing for us? To author and maintain software applications of varying complexities and on varying tech stacks - in the healthcare space.
What will YOU be working on every day?
Assist level 4 and lead engineers to develop, modify and maintain software applications for internal and external client use. Provide first level support on common operational concerns
Work collaboratively with internal resources to assess and understand technical specifications and business requirements for new systems.
Maintain current modules, applications or processes in production.
Actively participate on an Agile scrum team, sizing work efforts and decomposing functionality and iteratively delivering value.
Unit test development
Follow directives from project mentor (senior engineer, project architect, etc.).
Triage production issues and affect solutions
Code spelunking
Perform software design and coding according to SKYGEN and accepted secure coding patterns
Work collaboratively with internal team members on investigating and fixing defects
Act as the first level of operational triage support as necessary.
What qualifications do YOU need to have to be GOOD candidate?
Associates Degree or equivalent years of experience or equivalent certification. Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or other related field highly preferred.
Typically 1-2 years of experience in software development or prior experience as a software development intern.
Knowledge of software design and development techniques
Ability to effectively communicate technical concepts to others
Ability to work effectively with a variety of individuals and communication styles
Knowledge and proficiency in various technical areas:
Object Oriented Design
ASP.NET Web Form Development
ASP.NET MVC Development
C#
JavaScript
Secure coding patterns
Visual Studio 2019
SQL Server 2014 or any Relational DB
What qualifications do YOU need to have to be a GREAT candidate?
Programming languages (C#)
Knowledge of Agile methodologies
Knowledge and proficiency in:
HTML5
CSS
Bootstrap
Typescript
Angular JS
Angular 7+
Agile Development Methodology
Show Less
Report
Frontend Software Engineer
<selenium.webdriver.remote.webelement.WebElement (session="42367e7b23a1ca09f3153a3d90b5ac1c", element="64669674-fc41-4f67-bd8a-44f8f3b48912")>
Real Estate


Testing regine:
Experience: 2
Education: 1
Position Level: 1
 Time of Scrape: 2023-05-17 22:52:44.565619