Description:
Are you excited about a career in SaaS that has a direct effect on the hospitality industry? This might be the perfect opportunity for you!
In this role, you will:
A Software Support Engineer at Actabl provides technical support for users of company products, including current and prospective clients, resellers, and professional product testing organizations. Researches replicate, diagnoses, troubleshoots, and identifies solutions to resolve technical company product and system issues. Installs, configures and fine-tunes the company's product. Provides detailed documentation of all technical issues within the call tracking database. Collaborates with quality assurance and development teams on an understanding of issues and steps needed to resolve them.
Typical Functions:
Respond to and resolve client support tickets
Create and update process documentation
Collaborate with the POs and Dev teams when diagnosing difficult issues or building new features
Continuous education - both product-focused and improving technical skills
Writing user stories
Signoff/QA on changes to client financial reporting
Assist ~30% of the time on client calls for data collection setup and support tickets
Other duties or functions may be assigned
Requirements:
Proficiency in written and verbal communication skills
A Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or related degree and 1-2 years experience with C#, SQL, and APIs
Interpersonal skills leading to success - cooperative, courteous, flexible, and good-natured
Ability to successfully organize and prioritize workload
Capability to speak directly with clients and provide great customer service
Reliable team player that is on time, engaged, and contributing
Excellent problem-solving skills are paramount
Capacity to work independently and within a team environment
Employees at Actabl are eligible for the following benefits:
Competitive Pay
100% paid for benefits: health, dental, and vision insurance
Traditional & Roth 401(k) plans with employer match
Discretionary time off
Flexible work arrangements
Robust company holiday list and winter closure
Leadership development
Sound like you? Please click on the "apply" button.
Applicants must be authorized to work for any employer in the U.S. We are unable to sponsor or take over sponsorship of an employment Visa at this time.
You will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status.
Show Less
Report


Testing regine:
Experience: 2
Education: 1
 Time of Scrape: 2023-05-17 14:42:16.499832